I remember that this company has a man named Chen Gui
Student researcher
The latest new energy battery has been developed
In the last life, Ye Tiancheng was shabby
Only then did the Ye family become the top wealthy family in Jiangzhou
Then this is also
These rich people
surface scenery
This overlord is only for a moment
Dad, did you buy this company?
Pardon me?
Dad, now you have money.
You bought the company?
You can make more money later
How can it be so easy to be a boss?
I'm not cut out for this
Dad, just try it
What if it works?
But
This company is really in bad shape
Accept him Xiaoyuan
I dream of my father becoming a big boss
I'm sure Dad can do it.
Okay, so dad's going to call him now.
Come
young master
Go and get in touch with this amazing new energy company
Tell them their company I want
Master, that's just a bankrupt little red company
And their products are not competitive either
No need to receive payment.
Of course I know.
But don't you think their company
Is it suitable to launder my black money?